1) As the user I can press 'Tab' to auto complete to speed up typing
2) As a user, I can mark tasks as done so that I can review things I've done and keep a record
3) As the user, I require credentials to login for security sake
4) As a user, I can create a list of tasks I often need to complete and create a "shortcut key" to the tasks
5) As a user, I would like to have a colour indicator to allow me to prioritise my task
6) As the user, I can spell something wrongly and the program prompts recommended suggestions (Auto-correct), to reduce mistakes caused by typing errors
7) As the user, to be able to send the to-do list from mobile to pc and back, such that when I am offline, I can still access and make changes to the to-do list
8) As a user, I can archive tasks so that important tasks can be referred to in the future.
9) As the user, I have a user interface with a menu for aesthetic purposes.
10) As the user, I can rename keywords for commands to make it more intuitive.
11) As the user, for the programme to be able to automatically highlight the next important task after the higher-priority tasks have been completed(goes hand-in-hand with task categorisation)
12) As the user, the names given for command lines should be intuitive and easy to comprehend so as to facilitate smmoth usage.
13) As the user, I should be able to specify a range of timings for the appointment/event/deadline, in case the event is projected to last for a duration.
14) As the user, I can add a task by specifying a task description, so I can track tasks to be done.
15) As the user, I am able to update details of existing events to suit changes in schedules/needs.
16) As a user, I should be able to delete completed tasks, for tasks that no longer needs to be tracked.
17) As the user, to allow notifications to be sent directly, if need be, via email to PC or message to phone to provide a further level of notification for important tasks/deadlines.
18) As the user I can type in time in 12hr format and the program would recommend Am or Pm to prevent ambiguity.
19) As the user, to provide a visual representation of the tasks, for example in a form of colour coded calendar in order to give user an overall picture of schedule and workload.
20) As a new user, a menu detailing commands should be available in order to allow me to familiarise with the command lines in the program.
21) As the user, to be able to move the tasks in any of the local folders in the computer, be it a simple folder or a cloud syncing service to increase the accessibility of the task.
22) As the user, I can export to CSV if I am changing computer.
23) As the user, there should be a search function available to allow me to scan through the list of existing events to determine workload or to find specific tasks/events.
24) As the user, to have the program automatically sync across multiple platforms upon receiving internet connection to allow tasks to be updated in one platform (eg mobile) then reflected in another platform (eg pc).
